Dialog interface guidelines (#281)
primer/design: content/components/dialog.mdx

</Box>

<Box mb={4}>
  <LabelGroup>
    <Label
      as="a"
      href="https://primer.style/react/Dialog"
      size="large"
      variant="secondary"
      sx={{textDecoration: 'none'}}
    >
      <img
        width="16"
        height="16"
        alt=" "
        src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/293280/123878374-ce9d4d00-d8f3-11eb-8adf-1a160292ff53.png"
        style="vertical-align: middle; margin-right: 4px;"
      />
      React
    </Label>
    {/* <Label
      as="a"
      href="https://www.figma.com/file/GCvY3Qv8czRgZgvl1dG6lp/Primer-Web?node-id=1927%3A0"
      size="large"
      variant="secondary"
      sx={{textDecoration: 'none'}}
    >
      <img
        width="16"
        height="16"
        alt=" "
        src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/293280/123878720-80d51480-d8f4-11eb-9b10-d02a1cb606f8.png"
        style="vertical-align: middle; margin-right: 4px;"
      />
      Figma
    </Label> */}
  </LabelGroup>
</Box>

## Overview

Dialogs can streamline the interface by allowing extra content to be disclosed as needed. Dialogs create a new modality to the user, and can facilitate the completion of individual tasks.

## Anatomy

> <img width="960" alt="" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/185509649-50791e2f-0a4c-44d9-8b2b-e34b3f394315.png">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img width="960" alt="" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/185509649-50791e2f-0a4c-44d9-8b2b-e34b3f394315.png" />
```

<Box display="grid" gridTemplateColumns={['1fr', null, null, null, '1fr 1fr']} gridGap={5}>
  <div>
    <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/293280/175849377-ef70f4e7-2978-415c-9da1-a2ba2f33bdc3.png" alt="" />
    <Caption>Header displaying a subheader with a search field.</Caption>
  </div>
  <div>
    <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/293280/175849376-ef25a1ba-b5b7-4ae0-8d9a-78095932886a.png" alt="" />
    <Caption>Header displaying a subheader with a local navigation.</Caption>
  </div>
</Box>

### Body region

The body region is the main content of the Dialog. It can contain any content that is relevant to the task at hand. The body region is scrollable if the content exceeds the height of the Dialog.

<Box display="grid" gridTemplateColumns={['1fr', null, null, null, '1fr 1fr']} gridGap={5}>
  <div>
    <img width="650" alt="" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/185506131-1436b06b-a8fb-4de8-b9b2-4715ab0a63d2.png"/>
    <Caption>Body content will scroll vertically if the content exceeds the overall Dialog height.</Caption>
  </div>
  <div>

>     <img width="650" alt="" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/185478320-2a4a3053-dca3-4048-b7c4-d5a39a83acd6.png" />
>     <Caption>The body may contain additional content such as banners and form controls.</Caption>

Reviewer 2: I think we can simplify this example a bit:

Before:

> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/293280/185690249-94e18546-9275-43e3-a5a7-28783a1c787f.png)

After:

> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/293280/185690317-526f4baf-4cfc-40ca-8587-9a0c64d5bd6a.png)

```suggestion
    <img width="650" alt="" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/293280/185690317-526f4baf-4cfc-40ca-8587-9a0c64d5bd6a.png" />
    <Caption>The body may contain additional content such as banners and form controls.</Caption>
```

Author: Thanks @vdepizzol! I updated the image to be closer to your recommendation. The height/width combo in the one you shared is in our disallowed list and I want this to be a little more accurate if possible!

  </div>
</Box>

### Footer region

The footer region may be used to show confirmation actions, navigation links, or specialized actions.

If the content area has overflow scrolling, a divider will be shown between the footer and content area. Otherwise, showing a divider is optional.

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/293280/175850630-9f3df284-c69b-4d16-9e57-ea04a0202d04.png" width="960" alt="" />
<Caption>
  Use buttons in a footer to let the user complete a task.
</Caption>

<Box display="grid" gridTemplateColumns={['1fr', null, null, null, '1fr 1fr']} gridGap={5}>
  <div>
    <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/293280/175850639-a77d537e-2807-47d2-b456-a298d5f44918.png" alt="" />
    <Caption>Footer with small buttons.</Caption>
  </div>
  <div>
    <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/293280/175850637-3b193552-b35f-4b07-b2d6-4ca546c8131a.png" alt="" />
    <Caption>Footer with auxiliary create button.</Caption>
  </div>
</Box>

### Backdrop

> Dialog displays with a **backdrop**, which dims the rest of the page. The backdrop is visible when the Dialog is centered on the page, or attached to a sides as a sheet.

Author: ```suggestion
Dialog displays with a **backdrop**, which dims the rest of the page. The backdrop is visible when the Dialog is centered on the page, or attached to a side as a sheet.
```

By default, clicking on the **backdrop** will dismiss the Dialog. However, if the Dialog contains a form that can have unsaved changes, the **backdrop** won't dismiss the Dialog, regardless of the state of the form.

### Dimensions

Dialogs should never extend beyond the viewport sizes, and may resize to fit smaller devices. The body contents should fit narrow viewports with a minimum width of `320px`. If the contents extend vertically beyond the specified height, the **body** region will scroll.

The `height` and `width` may be set to `auto` which will set a minimum width of `192px` and respond to the contents of the Dialog. Additionally, an explicit `height` and `width` may be set with a specific set of options.

> <img width="1292" alt="" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/185178528-e1c176ef-f407-40ab-8729-965e21d64f6d.png"/>

Author: I'm curious how folks feel about this image. We offer a large amount of size combinations, and finding a way to show that in a static image is tricky! More discussion [here](https://github.com/github/primer/pull/1202/files#r944065171). Open to suggestions!

Author: Here are some alternative options:

<img width="1292" alt="Size options for Dialog" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/185514743-c27965cb-08f6-4236-8cec-663788e1f2dc.png">

This ones from @vdepizzol!

<img width="1216" alt="Size options for Dialog" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/185514800-c2d231aa-11fb-4f51-a23c-4c54649ce0b3.png">

Reviewer 3: This is great ✨ some thoughts/comments: 

- 👍  to add a width/height label to the X/Y axis
- 👍  to use a single purple color rather than the sequential palette. It's more clear when trying to understand what is a ✅ and a 🔴 combination.
- What about a legend along with the image with all the possible size combinations?
- Should we explain why we provide these combinations and not others? e.g, line length good practices

Reviewer 3: This is great ✨ some thoughts/comments:

- 👍 to add a width/height label to the X/Y axis
- 👍 to use a single purple color rather than the sequential palette. It's clearer when looking for what is a ✅ and a 🔴 combination.
- What about a legend along with the image with all the possible size combinations?
- Should we explain why we provide these combinations and not others? e.g, line length good practices

Reviewer 2: I think this has been solved with the newer sizing options? Marking as resolved.

### Keep content simple

Dialogs are meant to be interacted with in a single context. Avoid creating a whole page inside a Dialog. Prefer single-column layouts that convey a clear goal from the moment the Dialog is opened.

However, Dialogs are powerful tools when creating space for single-context interfaces. When designing a new feature to support a main interface, start by considering if the new feature can be created under a single context.

If the answer is yes, designing the feature inside a Dialog provides an easy way to add responsive support, and avoid deeper navigations. If the answer is no, or if a side navigation is required for the feature, consider designing a new page.

<DoDontContainer>
  <Do>
    <img width="464" alt="" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/185224257-a40112ff-aaf3-4947-acf0-6b4020e023df.png" />
    <Caption>Prefer a single column layout.</Caption>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <img width="464" alt="" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/185224316-0680b89a-8514-4336-9147-64aac722cd9a.png" />
    <Caption>Avoid side navigation within a Dialog.</Caption>
  </Dont>
</DoDontContainer>

### Trigger elements and keyboard focus

> Dialogs are initially hidden, and can be opened by an element with `role="button"`, called a **trigger**. The role `button` allows the **trigger** to be a relativelly complex element, such as an action list item.

Author: ```suggestion
Dialogs are initially hidden, and can be opened by an element with `role="button"`, called a **trigger**. The role `button` allows the **trigger** to be a relatively complex element, such as an action list item.
```

> Dialogs are initially hidden, and can be opened by an element with `role="button"`, called a **trigger**. The role `button` allows the **trigger** to be a relativelly complex element, such as an action list item.

Reviewer 4: Misspelling of `relatively`

> Dialogs should be fully functional using the keyboard and assistive technology. Pressing `Esc` should dismiss a Dialog, also returning focus to the **trigger** that opened it.

Author: ```suggestion
Dialogs must be fully functional using the keyboard and assistive technology. Pressing `Esc` should dismiss a Dialog, also returning focus to the **trigger** that opened it.
```

> Dialogs should be fully functional using the keyboard and assistive technology. Pressing `Esc` should dismiss a Dialog, also returning focus to the **trigger** that opened it.

Reviewer 4: This `should` language makes it seem optional vs. using `must`. Thoughts on adjusting?

    />
    <Caption>Center aligned Dialog becomes fullscreen on narrow viewport.</Caption>
  </div>
  <div>
    <CustomVideoPlayer
        width="100%"
        src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/185507508-298f9378-3f26-4e45-9809-5aef3d8cd3e2.mp4"
    />
    <Caption>Center aligned Dialog becomes a bottom sheet on narrow viewport.</Caption>
  </div>
</Box>

## Regular-viewport placement

### Centered

By default, Dialog appears centered in the viewport, with a visible backdrop that dims the rest of the window for focus. Centered Dialogs are surrounded by a safe area of `16px` between the frame and the viewport for all sizes.

<img width="960" alt="" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/185224429-9f0af3ee-3e11-4f94-a5f6-746ed8a5c300.png"/>
<Caption>Dialog centered within a desktop screen.</Caption>

### Side sheets

Side sheets slide from the right or left edges of the viewport. **Left side sheets are reserved for global navigation drawers. Right side sheets are used for global actions, but can also be considered for quick previews in full-width pages, or configuration panels.**

> Side sheets take the entire height of the viewport, and should be used sparingly. Don't use side sheets to present forms or flows that should be a page instead.

Reviewer 2: Trying to make it a little clearer when it "should be a page instead":

```suggestion
Side sheets take the entire height of the viewport, and should be used sparingly. Don't use side sheets to present create/edit forms, or flows that main contain a lot of information. For that, use a page instead.
```

<img width="960" alt="placement-desktop-1" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/185214096-8ad908b4-2cbd-467d-8e74-bad6948c5a2d.png"/>

> <Caption>Left aligned side sheet for global navigation.</Caption>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Caption>Left aligned side sheet is reserved for global navigation only.</Caption>
```

<img width="960" alt="placement-desktop-2" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/185214094-419d2271-dbb9-4e78-90e6-4433ed9c42fb.png"/>

> <Caption>Right aligned side sheet for global actions.</Caption>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Caption>Right aligned side sheet can be used for global actions, but may also be considered for quick previews or configuration panels.</Caption>
```

<Box display="grid" gridTemplateColumns={['1fr', null, null, null, '1fr 1fr']} gridGap={5} marginBottom={5}>
  <div>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/293280/175849372-a9d33d3b-96f3-497e-bad6-70df4d91072a.png"
      alt=""
    />
    <Caption>Header with the default title variant.</Caption>
  </div>
  <div>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/293280/175849374-6a71d8a0-da61-4745-a059-4560d053089b.png"
      alt=""
    />
    <Caption>Header with large title variant.</Caption>
  </div>
</Box>

<Box display="grid" gridTemplateColumns={['1fr', null, null, null, '1fr 1fr']} gridGap={5}>
  <div>
    <img
      width="464"
      alt=""
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/185478040-be5a3552-9ed1-40ef-a713-3d6ac8f6b697.png"
    />
    <Caption>Header with custom variant and a secondary action button.</Caption>
  </div>
  <div>
    <img
      width="464"
      alt=""
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/185990665-5cf39b59-420a-41bf-8d65-d431134d2738.png"
    />
    <Caption>Command palette with a visually hidden title.</Caption>
  </div>
</Box>

### Subheader region

> The subheader region is an optional space for interactive controls. Use it to display a search field, a filter menu, or a local navigation component.

Author: I'm not sure, honestly. I think I might leave this as is for now, and if we learn of something that's not allowed update it.

  <div>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/293280/175849377-ef70f4e7-2978-415c-9da1-a2ba2f33bdc3.png"
      alt=""
    />
    <Caption>Header displaying a subheader with a search field.</Caption>
  </div>
  <div>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/293280/175849376-ef25a1ba-b5b7-4ae0-8d9a-78095932886a.png"
      alt=""
    />
    <Caption>Header displaying a subheader with a local navigation.</Caption>
  </div>
</Box>

### Body region

The body region is the main content of the Dialog. It can contain any content that is relevant to the task at hand. The body region is scrollable if the content exceeds the height of the Dialog.

<Box display="grid" gridTemplateColumns={['1fr', null, null, null, '1fr 1fr']} gridGap={5}>
  <div>
    <img
      width="650"
      alt=""
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/185506131-1436b06b-a8fb-4de8-b9b2-4715ab0a63d2.png"
    />
    <Caption>Body content will scroll vertically if the content exceeds the overall Dialog height.</Caption>
  </div>
  <div>
    <img
      width="650"
      alt=""

>       src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/186003712-36441f05-1407-4b03-a50a-3773275e4d61.png"

Author: Did it stand out to you as odd? It stood out to me. I think I'll change it.. if we want alerts to look a specific way in Dialog, we should consider offering a special slot for it 🤔

>       src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/186003712-36441f05-1407-4b03-a50a-3773275e4d61.png"

Reviewer 5: Yea, it stood out as odd to me too.

Agreed with offering a special slot instead of manually applying different styling.

  </div>
</Box>

### Footer region

The footer region may be used to show confirmation actions, navigation links, or specialized actions. Primary actions should be aligned to the right of the footer, and grouped why additional related actions. Secondary actions may be shown aligned to the left side.

If the content area has overflow scrolling, a divider will be shown between the footer and content area. Otherwise, showing a divider is optional.

<img
  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/293280/175850630-9f3df284-c69b-4d16-9e57-ea04a0202d04.png"
  width="960"
  alt=""
/>
<Caption>Use buttons in a footer to let the user complete a task.</Caption>

<Box display="grid" gridTemplateColumns={['1fr', null, null, null, '1fr 1fr']} gridGap={5}>
  <div>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/293280/175850639-a77d537e-2807-47d2-b456-a298d5f44918.png"
      alt=""
    />
    <Caption>Footer with small buttons aligned to the right.</Caption>
  </div>
  <div>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/293280/175850637-3b193552-b35f-4b07-b2d6-4ca546c8131a.png"
      alt=""
    />

>     <Caption>Footer with a secondary button aligned to the left.</Caption>

Reviewer 2: Left-aligned buttons can be used for auxiliary actions. Maybe we can use that wording in there?

```suggestion
    <Caption>Footer with an auxiliary action aligned to the left.</Caption>
```

  </div>
</Box>

### Backdrop

Dialog displays with a **backdrop**, which dims the rest of the page. The backdrop is visible when the Dialog is centered on the page, or attached to a side as a sheet.

By default, clicking on the **backdrop** will dismiss the Dialog. However, if the Dialog contains a form that can have unsaved changes, the **backdrop** won't dismiss the Dialog, regardless of the state of the form.

### Dimensions

Dialogs should never extend beyond the viewport sizes, and may resize to fit smaller devices. The body contents should fit narrow viewports with a minimum width of `320px`. If the contents extend vertically beyond the specified height, the **body** region will scroll.

The `height` and `width` may be set to `auto` which will set a minimum width of `192px` and respond to the contents of the Dialog. Additionally, an explicit `height` and `width` may be set with a specific set of options.

<img
  width="1292"
  alt=""
  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/185178528-e1c176ef-f407-40ab-8729-965e21d64f6d.png"
/>

> <Caption>Recommended height and width combinations for Dialog</Caption>

Reviewer 3: +1 to the table or even a legend with all the possible size combinations:

Other thoughts on this regarding this [comment](https://github.com/primer/design/pull/281#discussion_r949690844):
- 👍 adding a width/height label to the X/Y axis
- 👍 to use a single purple color rather than the sequential palette. It's clearer when looking for what will be a good or a bad combination.
- Should we explain why we provide these combinations and not others? e.g, line length good practices

    />
    <Caption>Avoid side navigation within a Dialog.</Caption>
  </Dont>
</DoDontContainer>

### Trigger elements and keyboard focus

Dialogs are initially hidden, and can be opened by an element with `role="button"`, called a **trigger**. The role `button` allows the **trigger** to be a relatively complex element, such as an action list item.

Dialogs must be fully functional using the keyboard and assistive technology. Pressing `Esc` must dismiss a Dialog, also returning focus to the **trigger** that opened it.

<CustomVideoPlayer
  width="100%"
  loop
  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/185507547-0843b014-0b90-48f5-9e4f-746caa42b4e6.mp4"
/>
<Caption>Clicking the backdrop or hitting the `esc` key should dismiss the Dialog.</Caption>

### Dialogs should work well on any device

Dialogs must adjust their designs to fit in smaller viewports. Make sure the overlay contents work with all supported sizes and input methods.

<Box display="grid" gridTemplateColumns={['1fr', null, null, null, '1fr 1fr']} gridGap={5}>
  <div>
    <CustomVideoPlayer
      width="100%"

>       src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/185507523-74e0acff-6980-439e-84c5-422b16470c9e.mp4"

Author: Yes! I used this plugin to make it: https://www.figma.com/community/plugin/824289601590456356

<img
  width="960"
  alt="bottom-sheet"
  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/185214084-43e9573a-1a3b-4b82-b121-bd03897f48ac.png"
/>
<Caption>Bottom sheet in portrait mode.</Caption>

In landscape mode, a bottom sheet has a maximum width of `480px`, and is centered horizontally.

<img
  width="960"
  alt="overlay-sheet-landscape"
  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/185214089-a1bb1a70-914b-4a8f-b395-9c279a88a1fe.png"
/>
<Caption>Bottom sheet in landscape mode.</Caption>

### Full-screen

Full-screen Dialogs may be used to present content that needs all the available space on narrow viewports. Dialogs that have one or more input fields should always use the full-screen variant.

<img
  width="960"
  alt=""
  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/185214079-d30342c1-6061-4a31-ab65-c0cef0f00278.png"
/>
<Caption>Full-screen dialog in portrait mode.</Caption>

## Accessibility

Dialog's title and close button as addressed previously are required to ensure an accessible experience for everyone. Further, keyboard and focus behavior must be considered.

> When a Dialog is opened, the first interactive element (the close button) is focused. Hitting `tab` will cycle through all interactive elements within the Dialog. To escape the focus trap, hitting the `esc` key or clicking on the backdrop will close the Dialog. While the Dialog is open, page scrolling is disabled and becomes `inert`.

Reviewer 3: Does the focus behavior change when using a search field in the `Subheader` region or a Command palette in the `Header` region?

<img width="505" alt="Screenshot 2022-08-25 at 11 35 27" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/912236/186631087-664c4836-3429-4cf5-841f-1d63952746f5.png">

Author: Great question! Yes, since the input comes before the close button in the dom it should receive focus first. I added this to the accessibility section!

By default, clicking on the **backdrop** will dismiss the Dialog. However, if the Dialog contains a form that can have unsaved changes, the **backdrop** won't dismiss the Dialog, regardless of the state of the form.

### Spacing

The edges of Dialog are free of text and heavy visuals to visually distinguish the Dialog as an elevated surface, alongside its shadow. Content within the body and header should remain within the 16px safe area. However, inner components that have transparent or discrete backgrounds may bleed into the padding for visual alignment.

<img
  alt=""
  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/293280/174925634-603a27cf-2281-4a3a-9078-d1b8138e0d09.png"
  width="960"
/>
<Caption>
  1. A search field in the Subheader region appears closer to the edges. While the search icon remains within the safe
  area.
  <br />
  2. Close button placed `8px` away from the edges. Note that the "×" glyph remains within the safe area.
  <br />
  3. Action list items in the Body region.
  <br />
  4. Footer buttons always appear inside the safe area. <br />
</Caption>

> ## Size

Reviewer 2: Did we remove support for `auto` height?

> Dialog offers a range of sizes from `small` to `xlarge` with a default of `medium`. Each size provides a `max-height` and will automatically shrink to its body content. Dialogs will never extend beyond the viewport, and the body content must fit a narrow viewport with a minimum width of `320px`.

Reviewer 2: Trying to make this easier to parse:

```suggestion
Dialog offers a range of sizes from `small` to `xlarge`, with the default size set to `medium`. 

Each size defines a width and a maximum height. By default the dialog height will adjust to the body content. If the maximum height is reached, the body contents will scroll.

A Dialog sizing is constrained by the viewport dimensions. Dialogs will not grow beyond the boundaries of the viewport.

Small viewports force Dialogs to remain small. All Dialogs need to work on viewports of at least `320px` of width, and `256px` of height.
```

Author: Beautiful! Thank you 🙌

> ### Small

Reviewer 2: What's the use case of having a max-height of 256px in the `small` size?

Author: Are you suggesting it should have a different max-height, or no max-height? Its following the same pattern as all sizes to maintain a ratio. I'm offering a small portrait mode as well, but that's only for menu scenarios. @vdepizzol

Reviewer 2: @langermank I'm trying to picture which scenarios we'd like to have a landscape `small`, with the 320px x 256px dimensions... 

For confirmation dialogs, the 320px width is used but I wouldn't expect it to cap the height at 256px, for example — in that case it'd keep an `auto` height if there's a lot of text in it.

In case of a `small portrait` menu, would it cap the height at a certain size and force scrolling even if there's space?

<img
  width="1292"
  alt=""
  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/187482408-97bcb753-62a9-4b7c-b02b-b94ba369203e.png"
/>

> <Caption>Small Dialogs have a min width of 320px, and a max height of 256px.</Caption>

Reviewer 2: > have a min width of 320px

I'm seeing these descriptions across the different dialog sizes, but doesn't the "min width" makes it sound like the dialog won't get smaller than that? All dialogs will shrink on smaller viewports.

Author: In the main description I mention: 

> Dialogs will never extend beyond the viewport, and the body content must fit a narrow viewport with a minimum width of 320px.

Is it not clear that the dialog will always retract to fit inside the viewport? My goal is that a designer reading this can get a sense of sizing, while also understanding that the size is variable depending on the available screen space.

> <Caption>Small Dialogs have a min width of 320px, and a max height of 256px.</Caption>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Caption>Small Dialogs have a width of 320px, and a max height of 256px.</Caption>
```

### Medium (default)

Medium is the default size for Dialog and should be used for most tasks such as completing a form or selecting an option from a list. The medium portrait size is suitable for longer lists of items that require more vertical space for the body.

<img
  width="1292"
  alt=""
  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/187482576-557672f9-6695-435d-b93e-2b7b8fda2a98.png"
/>

> <Caption>Medium Dialogs have a min width of 480px, and a max height of 320px. Medium portrait oriented Dialogs have a min width of 480px, and a max height of 600px.</Caption>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Caption>Medium Dialogs have a width of 480px, and a max height of 320px. Medium portrait oriented Dialogs have a width of 480px, and a max height of 600px.</Caption>
```

### Large

Large dialogs are suitable for content that requires more horizontal space for the body compared to size medium, such as a comment box.

<img
  width="1292"
  alt=""
  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/187482693-04eb3780-89e1-4705-a55b-5fa8ba0f9865.png"
/>

> <Caption>Large Dialogs have a min width of 640px, and a max height of 432px.</Caption>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Caption>Large Dialogs have a width of 640px, and a max height of 432px.</Caption>
```

### Extra large

> Before using an extra large dialog, consider whether or not the content would be more appropriate for a new page.

Reviewer 2: Capitalizing the component name:

```suggestion
Before using an extra large Dialog, consider whether or not the content would be more appropriate for a new page.
```

<img
  width="1292"
  alt=""
  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/187482817-9d82fe3e-c24d-4eca-9b4b-c74fa32450d4.png"
/>

> <Caption>Extra large Dialogs have a min width of 960px, and a max height of 600px.</Caption>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Caption>Extra large Dialogs have a width of 960px, and a max height of 600px.</Caption>
```

Use a bottom to indicate that the user is still in the context of the main page, and that the Dialog is a secondary action.

<img
  width="960"
  alt="bottom-sheet"
  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/185214084-43e9573a-1a3b-4b82-b121-bd03897f48ac.png"
/>
<Caption>Bottom sheet in portrait mode.</Caption>

In landscape mode, a bottom sheet has a maximum width of `480px`, and is centered horizontally.

<img
  width="960"
  alt="overlay-sheet-landscape"
  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/185214089-a1bb1a70-914b-4a8f-b395-9c279a88a1fe.png"
/>
<Caption>Bottom sheet in landscape mode.</Caption>

### Full-screen

Full-screen Dialogs may be used to present content that needs all the available space on narrow viewports, or to act as a new page without navigating away from the main page. Dialogs that have one or more input fields should always use the full-screen variant.

<img
  width="960"
  alt=""
  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18661030/185214079-d30342c1-6061-4a31-ab65-c0cef0f00278.png"
/>

> <Caption>Full-screen dialog in portrait mode.</Caption>

Reviewer 2: Capitalizing the component name:

```suggestion
<Caption>Full-screen Dialog in portrait mode.</Caption>
```
